# chopbot3000

This project contains source code and supporting files for a serverless application that you can deploy with the SAM CLI. It includes the following files and folders.

- reader - Code for the application's Lambda function.
- events - Invocation events that you can use to invoke the function.
- tests - Unit tests for the application code. (Not modified from quickstart)
- template.yaml - A template that defines the application's AWS resources.

The application uses several AWS resources, including Lambda functions and an API Gateway API. These resources are defined in the `template.yaml` file in this project. You can update the template to add AWS resources through the same deployment process that updates your application code.

## Development Notes
- Local debugging won't work, because of how Lambda expects 'body-json' to be populated instead of 'body'. This could probably be fixed with a little more tweaking of the template.
- The Lambda takes too long to start up (especially on cold start), so API Gateway dispatches the message and immediately returns a 200 to the caller. The Lambda will call the `response_url` asynchronously, once it's had time to do its work.
- Currently no auth in place - a good candidate would be the token provided by Slack slash command integration. Rate limiting provides a basic level of protection.

## Deploying

```bash
sam build --use-container
sam deploy --guided # Use chopbot-stage (Stage) or chopbot (Prod)
```

## Use the SAM CLI to build and test locally

Build your application with the `sam build --use-container` command.

```bash
chopbot3000$ sam build --use-container
```

The SAM CLI installs dependencies defined in `reader/requirements.txt`, creates a deployment package, and saves it in the `.aws-sam/build` folder.

Test a single function by invoking it directly with a test event. An event is a JSON document that represents the input that the function receives from the event source. Test events are included in the `events` folder in this project.

Run functions locally and invoke them with the `sam local invoke` command.

```bash
chopbot3000$ sam local invoke ReaderFunction --event events/event.json
```

The SAM CLI can also emulate your application's API. Use the `sam local start-api` to run the API locally on port 3000.

```bash
chopbot3000$ sam local start-api
chopbot3000$ curl http://localhost:3000/
```

## Fetch, tail, and filter Lambda function logs

To simplify troubleshooting, SAM CLI has a command called `sam logs`. `sam logs` lets you fetch logs generated by your deployed Lambda function from the command line. In addition to printing the logs on the terminal, this command has several nifty features to help you quickly find the bug.

`NOTE`: This command works for all AWS Lambda functions; not just the ones you deploy using SAM.

```bash
chopbot3000$ sam logs -n ReaderFunction --stack-name chopbot3000 --tail
```

You can find more information and examples about filtering Lambda function logs in the [SAM CLI Documentation](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/serverless-application-model/latest/developerguide/serverless-sam-cli-logging.html).

## Tests

Tests are defined in the `tests` folder in this project. Use PIP to install the test dependencies and run tests.

```bash
chopbot3000$ pip install -r tests/requirements.txt --user
# unit test (WIP, need to restructure)
chopbot3000$ python -m pytest tests/unit -v
# integration test
chopbot3000$ pytest
```

## Cleanup

To delete the sample application that you created, use the AWS CLI. Assuming you used your project name for the stack name, you can run the following:

```bash
aws cloudformation delete-stack --stack-name chopbot3000
```

## Resources

See the [AWS SAM developer guide](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/serverless-application-model/latest/developerguide/what-is-sam.html) for an introduction to SAM specification, the SAM CLI, and serverless application concepts.

Next, you can use AWS Serverless Application Repository to deploy ready to use Apps that go beyond hello world samples and learn how authors developed their applications: [AWS Serverless Application Repository main page](https://aws.amazon.com/serverless/serverlessrepo/)
